#Consumables & Instruments Supplier
Medical Consumable and instruments include a wide range of products used regularly in a clinic or hospital. We believe in providing high-quality products, so our consumers trust us and shop again. However, as the best Medical consumable supplier in Dubai, we offer you the below products at a competitive price.

Pipets

Cotton Roll

3 Way Stopper

Sharp Container

Bandage

Suture

ECG Gel

Needles

Centritage Tubes

IV Set

Blohagard Bag

Drape Sheet

EDTA Tube

Microscope Slides

Face Mask 3 ply inside

Sanitizer

Syringe

KN95 Mask

N95 Mask 3M 1860

Micropore

Oxygen Mask

Dental Instruments


#Ophthalmology Equipment Supplier
Auto Refractor / Auto Refractometer

MG-9000 TOP QUALITY AUTO REFRACTOMETER, AUTOREFRACTORS
SPECIFICATION:
Measurement Range	Sphere -20d~+20d (Vd=12mm) 0.125d/0.25d Steps
			Cylinder -8d~+8d 0.125d/0.25d Steps
			Axis Angle 1°~180° 1°Steps
Pupillary Distance	45~85mm 1mm Steps
Vertex Distance	0/12/13.75/15mm
Minimum Pupil Diameter	¢2.0mm
Chart	Auto Fog Chart
Date Saving	10 Measured Values For Both Eyes
Specification	Display: 5.7" Lcd(Color)
		Print: Built-In Thermal Printer
		Power Suppiy: Ac 220v ,50hz Or 110v, 60hz
		Dimensions/Weight: 288(W)*500(D)*480(H) 14kg
		Output:Rs-232
		Power Save:5/10 Min (Selectable)
SLIT LAMP OPTICARE

Technical Data
o There are iphone or Sumsung mobile adapter optional, can take images by mobile.
o Type Parallel Galilean
o Eyepiece 12.5X
o Total Magnification 6X, 10X, 16X, 25X, 40X
o Diameter of Visual Field Φ 37, Φ 23, Φ 14, Φ 8.7, Φ 5.7mm
o Diopter Adjustment +5D–5D
o Slit Width 0mm-14mm continuously adjustable
o Slit Height 1mm-14mm continuously adjustable
o Aperture Diameter Φ 14, Φ 10, Φ 5, Φ 3, Φ 2, Φ 1, Φ 0.2mm
o Slit Angle 0° -180°
o Illumination Tilting 0° , 5° , 10° , 15° , 20°
o Filter Heat absorption, grey, redfree(green), cobalt blue
o Lamp: German OSRAM Halogen Tungsten Lamp
o Longitudinal movement: 90mm
o Lateral movement: 100mm
o Vertical movement: 30mm
o Fine base movement: 15mm
o Input Voltage 110V/220V 60/50Hz
o Input Power 60VA
o Illumination Bulb 12V/50W halogen bulb, led lamp optional
o Fixation Red LED

OPHTHALMIC OCT (OCT-500) OPTICARE

Technical Data Built-in computer
Simple, fast and easy to operate
Posterior segment OCT. The OCT is an ophthalmic optical coherence tomography scanner tailored for rapid screening of fundus diseases in outpatient clinics. It is easy to use, clear in image, smooth and delicate in operation, and equipped with professional analysis software to meet the requirements of OCT in the clinical examination and analysis of ophthalmology.

Features:
1.Compact Design: Everything is inside this compact body. No external computer is needed. Plug in the power cable, then you are ready to go.
2.PC Inside: Data acquisition and processing are accomplished by the internal computer. The data can be transported via ethernet or external harddrive. Peripheral devices, such as keyboard or printer, can be connected to the computer ports.
3.Easy Installation: No complex connection or setup. Compact body can fit in even small space.

Methodology	Spectral domain OCT
Axial resolution	≤ 6 µm (in tissue)
Transverse resolution	≤ 20 µm (in tissue)
Scan depth	≥ 6 mm
Scan speed	≥ 24,000 A-scans/sec, up to 36,000 A-scans/sec
Scan modes	30, Raster, Circle
Fundus image	OCT en face
Focus adjustment	-150 to +150
Pupil diameter	≥ 3 mm
OCT light source	840 nm SLD
Optical power	750 µW (at cornea)
Operation	13.3''touch screen, optional external mouse or keyboard
Power supply	100-240 V, 50/60 Hz
Dimensions	497 mm × 395 mm × 490 mm (L× W × H)
Weight	LED dot matrix
External Fixtion	34 kg (75 lbs)
A/B SCAN

Ophthalmic AB Scan.AB-1000-OPTICARE
Feature:
1).12.1″ color and touch screen.
2). With the same software as Quantel, top one in China With advanced intelligent digital software and parameters of freezed and Stored images could be adjusted voluntarily.
3). Can have different results on the report according to different constants A Scan A measures data for every part of the eyeball as anterior chamber depth, lens thickness axial length and so on which are needed in ophthalmic surgeries, and calculates IOL by axial length.
4). B scanner use electromagnetic, better save B probe life. Scan B displays profile images of the eyeball clearly and directly. Scanning anatomical forms and nidi inside the eyeball, doctors can diagnose accurately for examination of cataract, vitreous body disease, ocular trauma, detachment of retina or choroid, macula disease, and intraocular tumor, etc
5). B scanner, video playback of 100 images.
6). A scanner, one group with 10 data to get average, At the same time the accuracy is 0.05mm

TECHNICAL DATA:
A Scan biometry
Probe frequency	10MHz
Measuring mode	contact
Measuring range	Over 5mm-40mm
Measuring error	≤±0.05mm
Measuring type	Length of optic axis , automatic calculation , result analysis auto ,
Image freezing	auto+preservable, manual
Intraocular lens implantation (IOL)formula	SRK-T, SRX II, HOLLADAY, BINKHORST-II, HOFFER-Q,HAIGIS
Gain	20-110dB
Time gain adjustment	0-30dB
B Scan patterns
Probe frequency	10MHz
Probing depth	≥50mm
Axial Resolution	≤0.2mm
Lateral resolution	≤0.3mm
Gain adjustment	20-110dB
Time gain adjustment	0-30dB
Operation mode	Eyecup, gel, aqueous capsule
Post-processing measuring tools	Area, length, mark and annotation
Review	100 images available
Size	340mm*320mm*115mm
weight	10kg
Power supply	100-240V 50/60Hz
AUTOLENSOMETER

AUTO LENS METER OPTICARE
Features:
1.Measurement of PD, PH, and PCL (progressive channel Length).
D910 Auto Lens meter
2.New capacitive touch panel with high resolution
3.The wavelength of UV and green light can be measured simultaneously .
D910 Auto Lens meter
4. Bluetooth, RS232 serial port, USB and WIFI ,4 forms of data communication
5. Better performance .Finer marking pens and lens holder. Magnetic and stable sliding nosepiece
D910 Auto Lens meter

TECHNICAL DATA:
Sphere	-25.00D-+25.OOD
Axis	0°-180° (1°step)
CYLINDER	0 - ±9.99D 0.01/0.12/0.25D steps
Prism Degree	0 - 15D 0.01/0.12/0.25D steps
ADD	0 - ±9.99D 0.01/0.12/0.25D steps
Cylinder	+, +/-, -
Prism	X-Y, P-B
Contact lens	Soft/hard
Measuring Mode	Single/progressive/automatic recognition
Diameter of Lens	φ12-φ112mm
PD	40~90mm, 0.5mm steps
Speed of measurement	0.1s
Display	TFT LCD (7.0") 640*480
Printer	Thermal Printer
Dimension	180(L) * 255(W) * 455 (H) mm
Package	620(L) * 390(W) * 390 (H) mm
Weight	About 12kgs
Power Supply	100~240V 50~60H
OPTHALMIC VISUAL FIELD APS6000

Aps-6000cerTraditional Perimeter; LED
Specifications:
Aps-6000cerTraditional Perimeter; LED Specifications
Radius of stimulator: 300mm±5mm
1.Stimulating source of LED
2.Two visual lights: yellow and red.
3.Stimulating strength: From 0nt (0asb) to318.310nt (1000asb), have 14 degree to adjust, the error is±10%.
(1.)Error of background brightness: 4asb±10%
(2.)Light spot: Diameter is 2mm +/- 0.25mm.
(3.)The number of stimulating and the stimulating time:
A.388 spots (Red light: 61spots, yellow: 327spots);
B: stimulating retention time: 0.2s–2.0s, the program can adjust (±5%);
C: stimulating spacing interval: 0.5s –2.0s, the program can adjust (±5%);
4.Window of eye-position tracking: White-black CCD, directly tracking the testing eye;
5.The length of chin rest: up-down: 80mm±10%; right-left 115mm±10%Eye position tracking: When blinking, the system will alarm automatically.

TECHNICAL DATA:
Sphere	-25.00D-+25.OOD
Axis	0°-180° (1°step)
CYLINDER	0 - ±9.99D 0.01/0.12/0.25D steps
Prism Degree	0 - 15D 0.01/0.12/0.25D steps
ADD	0 - ±9.99D 0.01/0.12/0.25D steps
Cylinder	+, +/-, -
Prism	X-Y, P-B
Contact lens	Soft/hard
Measuring Mode	Single/progressive/automatic recognition
Diameter of Lens	φ12-φ112mm
PD	40~90mm, 0.5mm steps
Speed of measurement	0.1s
Display	TFT LCD (7.0") 640*480
Printer	Thermal Printer
Dimension	180(L) * 255(W) * 455 (H) mm
Package	620(L) * 390(W) * 390 (H) mm
Weight	About 12kgs
Power Supply	100~240V 50~60H
AUTO KERATOMETER

OPT-V018-N OPTICARE auto refractometer with keratometer
Features:
OPT-V018-N OPTICARE auto refractometer with keratometer
• Sphere -20~+20D(VD=12) 0.125D
• Step Cylinder -8~+8D 0.125D
• Step Axis 0°~180° (1°step) PD 045-88mm,1mm
• Step VD 0mm,12mm,13.75mm
• Min Pupil Size ø2.0mm
• Keratometry Radius of curvature 5.0~10mm(increment:0.01mm)
• Comal power 33.75~67.50D(when comer equivalent refractive index is 1.337)

GREEN LASER ARGON -APPASSAMI

Specifications:
• GREEN LASER PHOTO COAGULATOR FOR RETINAL DISORDERS
• PATENTED SOLID – STATE TECHNOLOGY
• EXTENDED LIFE AND EFFICIENCY
• TRUE CONTINUOUS WAVE
• TOUCH SCREEN INTERFACE
• Special Features
• Light weight and portable.
• LCD touch screen display with mounting
option on table and also on the console. • Foot switch with LED.
• Fiber connecting port is illuminated with LED.
• Metal shielded laser delivery fiber optic cable

TECHNICAL DATA:
Model	AMOGH PLUS
Treatment Laser	Diode pumped, frequency doubled, true cw & solid state.
Laser Module Capacity	3 Watts
Aiming Beam	635 nm, Semiconductor diode laser,0 to 1 mW (variable)
Power Adjustment	Variable from 10 to 1500 mW
Electrical Requirements	110V/230 VAC 50/60Hz, 2A, single phase
Cooling	Thermo electric cooling (peltier) and air cooled
Operation Mode	Repeat pulse, single pulse, continuous mode
Touch Screen Display	LCD screen with feather touch
Lifetime	10,000 Working hours
Dimensions	290(H) x 175(W) x 365(D) mm
Weight	8 Kg
Power Consumption	100 Watts
Pulse Duration	0.01 – 10 Sec.
Pulse Interval	0.01 – 10 Sec.
Treatment Laser Safety	Class IV

#Surgical 3-Ply Mask Machine Supplier
Medigate Medical Equipment Trading L.L.C will be your right supplier if you want quality and affordability under one umbrella. We offer the world-class Surgical 3-Ply Mask Machine in Dubai to ensure you are using the latest technology and provide better customer care. We test our mask machines to eradicate any defect or problem at a time.

You can buy these mask machines at affordable prices and provide better facilities.

Blank Mask Making Machine

Medigate Medical Equipment Trading L.L.C engaged in offering best in class Blank Face Mask making machine to our clients. Our experienced technocrats manufactured this machine ma king use of quality assured components and advanced technology as per set industry standards. The offered machine is used to manufacture high quality blank face masks in a proper way. Moreover, this is tested by our quality auditors to eradicate a kind of defect. Our valued patrons can buy this machine at an affordable Price.

 


Characteristics:
Ultrasonic Melting technique, single man operation.
Machine frame adopts aluminum. Anti – rust, durable, easy cleaning and neat.
Specifications:
Power Source	220V 50 - 60 Hz
Input Power	3.5KW
Designed Speed	125 Pcs/Min
Optimum Size	60 - 100 Pcs/Min
Dimension	2000 x 600 X 1200 mm
Weight	700Kg

#Medical Furniture & Logistics Supplier
Including the best Medical Equipment Distributors in Dubai, we are medical furniture & logistics supplier in Dubai. We supply high-quality furniture that enhances the place’s ambiance and gives the patient relaxation.

Furniture is vital in taking care of the patient and makes them feel relaxed. Medigate ICU furniture gives patients more comfort and helps them fight illness critically. As a result, it improves the overall reputation of any health care sector or hospital.

ICU ELECTRICAL HOSPITAL BED

Functions and features:
• The model three function electric bed.
• The bed equipped with high quality Three motion motors.
• Engineering ABS plastic headboard.
• Central control brake castors.
• ABS side rails It
• Characterized as beautiful appearance, sturdy frame and easy for operating, etc.
The functions include backrest (0 7 5 5 °°). Leg section (0 4 0 5 Trendelenburg 0 12 2 anti-trendline burg 0 12 2 Height of the bed surface could adjustable from 510 to 780 mm. length 220 0 mm and width 900 mm.


Genecology Couch

Mayo Stand

Emergency Trolley

Anesthesia Trolley

Medicine Trolley

Hospital Manual Bed

Emergency Stretcher


#Sterilizer Equipment
Autoclave

Fully Automatic
8 Preset sterilization programs
Ster. Temp.: 105-134℃
Ster. Time: 4-60 min
Dry time: 1-25min
Vacuum Times: 1-10 times
B&D / Helix / Vacuum testing program
Cleaning Program
Printer & USB Output
Big Stainless Steel Water Tanks
High quality bacteria filter
Available capacity: 12/18/24 Litter

Timed Tabletop Electric Boiling Sterilizer

Vertical Pressure Steam Sterilizer

Hot Air Oven

Horizontal Cylindrical Pressure Steam Sterilizer


#Gynaecology Equipment
At Medigate, we offer a wide range of Gynaecology Instruments and Equipment for gynaecologists and hospitals handling the female’s reproductive system. We designed and created gynaecology instruments by keeping in mind the inside and outside body parts of females, pregnancy, and childbirth.

Trust us. We are top-of-the-line Gynaecology Equipment Suppliers in Dubai, UAE and are committed to giving you the excellent quality that staff and patients deserve.

Examination Couches

Delivery Beds

Delivery Tables ( Electrical & Manual )

Foetal Monitors

Baby Sound Doppler


#SCICAN Products Suppliers
We focus on designing the best quality SCICAN Products. As an excellent SCICAN Product supplier in Dubai, we give up-to-mark quality to hospitals and every health care sector. We design and distribute with a focus on efficiency and effectiveness. So you can rely on us for getting the products, satisfies you.

SCICAN provides infection control solutions to dentists, ophthalmologists, and medical clinics. It uses in dozens of countries across the world to offer better treatment to patients.

Statim Autoclave G4 SCICAN

Hydrim Washer Disinfectant G4 SCICAN

Washer Disinfectant


#Physiotherapy Equipment
Physiotherapy is beneficial for numerous disorders, injuries, and diseases. It fixes health issues and helps to improve strength. It is pretty common in everyone’s lives because many people suffer from back pain, anxiety, stress, migraines, neck pain, obesity, and other lifestyle-related disorders.

Using the right kind of physiotherapy equipment is necessary to recover and ensure the healthy life of your patient. Beneficially, we are here to help you! You can get a wide range of physiotherapy equipment at Medigate. We can help you select the right equipment for the right purpose.

Ultrasound Therapy

Muscle Stimulator

Shortwave Diathermy

Tens Therapy

Paraffin Tank

Traction Unit

Knee Physiotherapy

Interferential Current Therapy

Cold Pack


#Dental Equipment
As the best Dental Equipment Suppliers in Dubai, we are care about your patient Health. Generally, dental instruments and equipment are used for dental treatments. Medigate Dental Gallery include simple to advance devices to provide more exact solution to the disease. Doctors can examine, restore, manipulate, and remove teeth using dental instruments.

Besides that, we ask and get suggestions from experienced doctors. What are the requirements for successful treatment? After collecting the surveys and suggestions, we make instruments and machines.

Dental Chair

A dental engine is a large chair-side appliance (often including the chair itself) for use in a dentist’s office. At minimum, a dental engine serves as a source of mechanical or pneumatic power for one or more handpieces.

Dental X-ray System

Dental X-rays helps the dentists diagnose common problems, such as cavities, gum disease and some types of infections. Radiographs allow dentists to see inside a tooth and beneath the gums to assess the health of the bone and supporting tissues that hold teeth in place.

Wall Mounted Dental X-ray

Mobile Dental X-ray

Panoramic Dental X-ray System

Panoramic radiography, also called panoramic x-ray, is a two-dimensional (2-D) dental x-ray examination that captures the entire mouth in a single image, including the teeth, upper and lower jaws, surrounding structures and tissues. The jaw is a curved structure similar to that of a horseshoe.


#ECG & EEG Machine Supplier
Electroencephalography (EEG) is used to deal with the electrical activities of the brain. In comparison, Electrocardiogram (ECG) measures the activities of a person’s heart. Medigate best EEG and ECG machines can help hospitals and Health Care facilities to monitor the patient’s heart and brain.

Besides that, our Medical Equipment in Dubai is one of the top trusted ones. Many reputable hospitals depend on our equipment and maintain good customer relationships. So we take pride in providing the best.

EEG

EEG is most often used to diagnose epilepsy, which causes abnormalities in EEG readings.It is also used to diagnose sleep disorders, depth of anesthesia, coma, encephalopathies, and brain death. EEG used to be a first-line method of diagnosis for tumors, stroke and other focal brain disorders.

ECG

An electrocardiogram (EKG or ECG) is a test that checks for problems with the electrical activity of your heart. An EKG shows the heart’s electrical activity as line tracings on paper. The spikes and dips in the tracings are called waves. The heart is a muscular pump made up of four chambers .

TMT Unit

The exercise stress test – also known as an exercise electrocardiogram, treadmill test, graded exercise test, or stress EKG — is used most often. It lets your doctor know how your heart responds to being pushed.


#Dialysis Equipment & Machine Suppliers
Medigate Dialysis machines and equipment help doctors provide more efficient ways for dialysis patients. As a result, they can diagnose and stop kidney problems and get rid of advanced chronic kidney disease.

You can count us as the best Dialysis Machine Suppliers in Dubai. We are reliable to provide you with excellent quality equipment.

Dialysis Machine

Dialysis Equipment

#ICU Equipment Supplier
You can count Medigate as your helping partner in times of need; we are one of the best ICU Equipment suppliers in Dubai. However, let’s see how our Medical equipment helps you.

For the extensive care and treatment of a patient, ICU Equipment’s helps. It monitors and is helpful for the treatment to let the patient fight with illness. It includes the fundamental instruments to specialized devices and machines. Medigate has several machines that work all time and display the required information. In comparison, others work in an alarming situation.

Anesthesia Machine

The Anesthesia machine makes a good performance in Intensive Care Units (ICU), Operation room, Anesthesiology Department and other departments. Professional design for adult, child and infant inhalation anesthesia and respiratory management, with advanced ventilation modes. Outstanding ergonomic design, it ranks high level in safty, stability and convenience as well as user experiences.
Product Name: WM-6100 PLUS Anesthesia System
Applications: The Anesthesia machine makes a good performance in Intensive Care Units (ICU), Operation room, Anesthesiology Department and other departments. From high to low acuity, simple to complex cases, pediatric to geriatric patients, Superstar Medical Anesthesia Systems offer you the choices you need in ventilation, monitoring and technique. what’s more, our expertise in anesthesia delivery and ventilation is based on rich 23-year history of developing anesthesia solutions that meet your needs. Good performance based on High Security, High Accuracy, High Stability and accurate monitoring.
Features

 • 10.4” TFT LCD screen displays the Ventilation parameters, Alarming information and Waveform.
• High precision flow meter, instantly know the fresh gas flow to your patient.
• Integration breathing circuit design, ensure easy operating and keep tidy.
• Multiple working modes such as volume control and pressure limit, adapt to wide range patient.
• Vaporizer with temperature, flow compensation and self-lock function, keep safety anytime.
• Multiple parameters monitoring interface, make every parameter clear, let users know the patient conditions in all aspects.

 

Anesthesia Machine

WAVEMED 7 INCH COLORFUL SCREEN ANESTHESIA VENTILATOR SYSTEM
MODEL: WM-6100D
The Anesthesia machine makes a good performance in Intensive Care Units (ICU), Operation room, Anesthesiology Department and other departments. From high to low acuity, simple to complex cases, pediatric to geriatric patients, WAVEMED Medical Anesthesia Systems offer you the choices you need in ventilation, monitoring and technique. what’s more, our expertise in anesthesia delivery and ventilation is based on rich 23-year history of developing anesthesia solutions that meet your needs. Good performance based on High Security, High Accuracy, High Stability and accurate monitoring.
Features
• l 7” TFT LCD screen displays the Ventilation parameters, Alarming information and Waveform.
• l High precision flow meter, instantly know the fresh gas flow to your patient.
• l Integration breathing circuit design, ensure easy operating and keep tidy.
• l Multiple working modes such as volume control and pressure limit, adapt to wide range patient.
• l Vaporizer with temperature, flow compensation and self-lock function, keep safety anytime.
• l Multiple parameters monitoring interface, make every parameter clear, let users know the patient conditions in all aspects.
• l Real time pressure-time, flow-time loop graphics and high precision O2 concentration detection function included.
• l Vital sign monitor and Anesthetic gas monitor are optional.

ICU Ventilator

WM-1100 ICU VENTILATOR
Friendly Powerful Reliable 

Application： The ventilator is suitable for various kinds of medical institutions for cardiopulmonary resuscitation respiratory support. Acute respiratory failure caused by various reasons or incomplete oxygenation dysfunction. Intra-operation, post-operation respiratory support, other respiratory treatment.
Features:
l 12.1” TFT LCD screen displays the Ventilation parameters, Alarming information and Waveform.
l Recycle breathing pipe, ensure easy operating and keep tidy.
l Multiple working modes such as volume control and pressure limit, adapt to wide range patient.
l Vaporizer with temperature, flow compensation and self-lock function, keep safety anytime.
l Multiple parameters monitoring interface, make every parameter clear, let users know the patient conditions in all aspects.
l Real time pressure-time, flow-time loop graphics and high precision O2 concentration detection function included. l Stable and low noise air compressor, create quiet work environment for doctors.

ICU VENTILATOR WT-500

SPECIFICATIONS:
1. Pneumatically driven electrically controlled ventilator, can be used for emergency clinical resuscitation and respiratory therapy.
2. Display: High visibility, wide angle LED alphanumeric data display, equipped with tactile analog parameter controls.
3. Equipped with high precession infrared turbine pressure and flow sensors.
4. Power failure support functions: Automatically converts to standby mode during AC power outages.
5. Nonhazardous environmentally friendly frame, precise construction, elegant design, equipped with automated self-checking function during startup and an automatic self-calibrating sensor.
6. Alarms: Audible and/or visual alarms for tidal volume, airway pressure, power failure oxygen failure and other alarms.
7. 9 Level adjustable humidifier.

PATIENT MONITOR MULTIPARA METER WT-M8KC-WAVETECH

Description
WaveTech Multi-Parameter Patient Monitor WT M-8KC Application Range:
• Adult/Pediatric/Neonatal/Medicine/Surgery/
• Operating Room/ICU/CCU
Display:
• 12.1’’real color TFT screen
Power Requirements:
• AC:100~240v,50Hz/60Hz
• DC: Built-in rechargeable battery
• Battery:11.1V 24wh Li-ion battery
• 2h operating after full charge
• 5min operating after low battery alarm
Dimension and Weight：
• Equipment:340mm×245mm×134mm(about);2.798kg（about）
• Package:380mm×350mm×300mm;4.598kg (about）
Environment：
• Operating environment
• Temperature:0~40
• Humidity:15%～80%
• Pressure:86.0kPa~106.0kPa
Transportand Storage environment:
• Temperature: -20~55℃
• Humidity:10%～90%
• Pressure:86.0kPa~106.0kPa

Multipara meter Patient Monitor WT E12


12-inch-high resolution color TFT LCD display
•Full touch screen selectable, more convenient for operation
•Real time S T segment analysis, pacemaker detection
•3 level audio/visual alarms
•Efficient resistance to interference of d defibrillator and HF knife
•Lasting working capability with built in rechargeable lithium battery
•400 groups of NIBP list, 6000 seconds ECG waveform recall, 60 alarm event
record, 7-day trend chart in storage
•Wireless central monitoring system applicable to ICU/CCU/OR
•Support solution: wall mounting, mobile trolley
Package Include:
•1 x E12 device
•1 x Li Battery
•1 x Power line
•1 x Earth wire
•1 x User’s Manual
•1 x Blood oxygen probe (for SpO2, PR)
•1 x Blood pressure cuff (for NIBP)
•1 x ECG cable (for RESP)
•1 x Temperature probe (for Temperature)
Size: 12 * 11.3 * 6.3 inch
•Weight: 8.33 lb
•Electrical Specification: 100 240v AC, 50/60Hz, Max Input Power: 70VA
•Battery: 11.1V 4000mAh rechargeable lithium battery
•Standard configuration: SpO2, PR, NIBP, ECG, RESP, TEMP
•Optional Configuration: Nellcor SpO2, 2 IBP, ETCO2, Touch screen, Built in Thermal Printer
Patient Monitor

Multimodal monitors that simultaneously measure and display the relevant vital parameters like Such as least blood pressure and heart rate, and preferably also pulse oximetry commonly integrated into the bedside monitors in critical care units, and the anesthetic machines in operating rooms.

Fetal Monitor

Electronic fetal heart monitoring is done during pregnancy, labor, and delivery. It keeps track of the heart rate of fetus. It also checks the duration of the contractions of the uterus.

Fetal Doppler

Fetal Doppler Monitors is a hand-held ultrasound transducer used to detect the fetal heartbeat for prenatal care. It uses the Doppler effect to provide an audible simulation of the heart beat.

Oxygen Concentrator

Oxygen concentrator is a medical device used to deliver oxygen to those who require it. … Whereas a tank has a set amount of oxygen that it dispenses, a concentrator filters in air, compresses it, and delivers air continuously. The air supply will never run out.

Suction Machine

A Suction Machine is a device for removing liquids or gases by suction, especially an instrument that uses suction to remove substances, such as mucus or serum, from a body cavity. A suction machine is used to create a partial vacuum.

Electrosurgery Unit

Electrosurgery is the application of a high-frequency (radio frequency) alternating polarity, electrical current to biological tissue as a means to cut, coagulate, desiccate, or fulgurate tissue.

Infusion Pump

Infusion pumps can administer fluids in ways that would be impractically expensive or unreliable if performed manually by nursing staff. For example, they can administer as little as 0.1 mL per hour injections (too small for a drip), injections every minute, injections with repeated boluses requested by the patient, up to maximum number per hour (e.g. in patient-controlled analgesia), or fluids whose volumes vary by the time of day.

Syringe Pump

Portable Automated External Defibrillator

An automated external defibrillator (AED) is a portable electronic device that automatically diagnoses the life-threatening cardiac arrhythmias of ventricular fibrillation and pulseless ventricular tachycardia in a patient,[1] and is able to treat them through defibrillation, the application of electrical therapy which stops the arrhythmia, allowing the heart to reestablish an effective rhythm.

External Defibrillator

Defibrillator is a device used to perform defibrillation for the purpose of turning abnormal ECG rhythm into normal rhythm. When heart enters into ventricular fibrillation, the process of returning it to its normal sinus rhythm by giving proper amount of external electric current is called defibrillation, and device used in giving such electric current is called defibrillator.


#Medical Imaging
Medical Imaging is called Radiology, handled by professionals. They recreate several images of body parts for treating disease and illness. Medigate Medical Equipment’s is the leading Medical Imaging Equipment’s Suppliers in Dubai have capacity  to diagnosing the injuries even without intrusive.

Medical imaging equipment in Dubai is quite expensive due to the functions and elements it carries. However, let’s have a look at numerous types of Medical Imaging procedures;

Digital Mobile XRay

Mobile X-ray systems are used throughout the hospital from in-patient, to NICU, Operating Room, and Emergency Room imaging. The need for point of care, fast, reliable, and high IQ imaging is growing as technology shifts from analog / CR cassettes to wireless flat panel.

X-ray Radiography System

X-Ray is the hospital’s first impression of a patient. Just like first impressions with people, the first image taken helps set the path going forward. With our start-up mentality, we’re focused on reinventing X-Ray to be an intuitive and technologically powerful tool, that helps you deliver greater confidence. Our mind is set on helping you swiftly and carefully determine the right course of action to shape amazing and valuable care — all from that first image.

C-arm Radiography System

A mobile C-arm is a medical imaging device that is based on X-ray technology and can be used flexibly in various ORs within a clinic.

Memmography System

Mammography is specialized medical imaging that uses a low-dose x-ray system to see inside the breasts. Amammography exam, called a mammogram, aids in the early detection and diagnosis of breast diseases in women.

X-ray Film Processor

Automatic processing is the most commonly used method of processing radiographs. The automatic film processor mechanically transports exposed X-ray film through the developing, fixing, washing, and drying cycles. Automatic processing is quicker than manual processing, and it produces finished radiographs of uniform quality.

X-ray Film Viewer

A high-quality X-ray illuminator gives quality X-ray view that produce clearer images for more accurate diagnoses

Portable Ultrasound Scanner

Portable ultrasound is a modality of medical ultrasonography that utilizes small and light devices, compared to the console style ultrasound machines that preceded them. In most cases these mobile ultrasound systems could be carried by hand and in some cases even operated for a time on battery power alone

Digital Ultrasound Scanner

Ultrasound (also known as diagnostic sonography or ultrasonography) is a diagnostic imaging technique based on the application of ultrasound. It is used to see internal body structures such as tendons, muscles, joints, vessels and internal organs. Its aim is often to find a source of a disease or to exclude any pathology. The practice of examining pregnant women using ultrasound is called obstetric ultrasound, and is widely used.

digital X-Ray Vita CR

Fully Automatic Mammography Unit

Motion Mobile X-Ray

Ultrasound Probes

Samsung Ultrasound



#Neonatology Equipment
For the care of babies and newborns, doctors need Neonatology equipment. Medigate one of the best Health Care Equipment Provider in Dubai, These equipment comes with the latest technology to diagnose the primary and risky problems of a baby. In short, we provide excellent Neonatology equipment for the ultimate care of a baby.

Infant Incubator

A neonatal incubator is a rigid box-like enclosure in which an infant can be kept in a controlled environment for observation and care. The device may include a heater, a fan, a container for water to add humidity, a control valve through which oxygen may be added, and access ports for nursing care.

Infant Phototheraphy Unit

The effect of light on jaundice in neonates, and the ability of light to decrease serum bilirubin levels.

Air-oxygen Blender

Infant Oxygen Hood

Infant T-piece Resuscitator

Jaundice Detector

Neonatal Eyeshade

BVM Resuscitator

Low-Pressure-Aspirator

Infant Head Fixing Unit

Infant Radiant Warmer

Medical Mobile Infant Incubator For Baby Neonatology Equipment


#Laboratory Equipment
Laboratories require a wide range of equipment managed by professional’s doctors and scientists, as they need equipment for running tests and research. Medigate is one of the best Laboratory Equipment’s suppliers in Dubai and provides quality types of equipment to numerous laboratories and markets.

FULLY AUTOMATIC CHEMISTRY ANALYZER- SAPPHIRE- SPR-161

SPR-161 Technical Specifications: Assay Model: Random access with direct reading system

Assay Item: 36 assay

Throughput: 1Reagent:220 testh(max); 2 Reagent: 160 testh; With ISE: +100 testh

Sample Position: 50

Sample Volume: 1-100ul,0.1ulstep

Reagent Position:36

Reagent Volume: R1:1-400ul,1ulstep,R2: 1-400ul,1ulstep

Wavetength: 340-810nm

Light Source: Halogen lamp

Method: End point, Kinetic, Fixed time, Immunoturbidimetry, 1-2 reagen,Multistandard, reagentserum blank, etc

Quality Control: Levy Jennings quality control program at 3 levels.

Printer: Multiple report formats available

Hemotology Analyzer

An automated analyser is a medical laboratory instrument designed to measure different chemicals and other characteristics in a number of biological samples quickly, with minimal human assistance.These measured properties of blood and other fluids may be useful in the diagnosis of disease.

Chemistry Analyzer

Chemistry analyzers can be benchtop devices or placed on a cart; other systems require floor space. They are used to determine the concentration of certain metabolites, electrolytes, proteins, and/or drugs in samples of serum, plasma, urine, cerebrospinal fluid, and/or other body fluids.

Blood Coagulation Analyzer

Automated coagulation machines measure the ability of blood to clot by performing any of several types of tests including Partial thromboplastin times, Prothrombin times , Coagulometers require blood samples that have been drawn in tubes containing sodium citrate as an anticoagulant.

Microplate Reader

Microplate readers are instruments which are used to detect biological, chemical or physical events of samples in microtiter.

Urine Analyzer

Urine Analyzers. A urine analyser is a device used in the clinical setting to perform automatic urine testing. The units can detect and quantify a number of analytes including bilirubin, protein, glucose and red blood cells.

ESR Analyzer

Erythrocyte Sedimentation Rate (ESR) is the rate at which red blood cells sediment in a period of one hour. It is a common hematology test, and is a non-specific measure of inflammation. Since the introduction of automated analyzers into the clinical laboratory, the ESR test has been automatically performed.

Centrifuge

Containment Barrier Isolator Lab

Laminar Fume Hood

Lab Safety Cabinet

Samsung Hematology

Superspeed Centrifuge

